# Model Name

## Description
Description of model - What task does it address (i.e. object detection, image classification)? What is the main advantage or feature of this model's architecture?

<!-- All ONNX models must pass the ONNX model checker before contribution. The snippet of code below can be used to perform the check. If any errors are encountered, it implies the check has failed.

```
import onnx
from onnx import checker
model_proto = onnx.load("path to .onnx file")
checker.check_model(model_proto, full_check=True)
```
-->

### Contribute a new ONNX model with a Python script for reproducing the model
6 required files under models/python/XXX/ directory:
- [ ] `XXX.onnx`: the single ONNX model file with the same name as the directory. Please use opset version as model's postfix. For example, `AlexNet-18.onnx` is the ONNX model file for AlexNet model with opset 18.
- [ ] `model.py`: a Python script named model.py for converting ONNX models from orignal framework, for example, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Huggingface or etc. The model.py should be able to convert the model from source framework to ONNX format with the specified name as above. The script should be able to run with the provided requirements.txt and therefore people can reproduce the ONNX model with the script. Also please include the original inference code in the script for reference.
- [ ] `requirements.txt`: a text file listing all the required Python packages and their versions.
- [ ] `test_data_set_0`: a directory containing the test data set. The test data set should be in the format of .pb. The test data set can be generated by the script: [ort_test_dir_utils.py](../workflow_scripts/ort_test_dir_utils.py). For details, please check another tutorials: [CreateTestData.md](../docs/CreateTestData.md).
- [ ] README.md: a readme file describing the model and how to use the model. See example README.md for model in [ExampleModelREADME.md](../docs/ExampleModelREADME.md).
- [ ] `License`: a standalone license file for the model. For instance, MIT License.

<!-- The ONNX file needs to pass onnx.checker with full_check and the test data set needs to be validated by onnxruntime from CI pipelines. Besides, the CI will run mlagility's benchit to test the model. -->

### Required updates for corresponding ONNX model
- [ ] Update [models/python/model-metadata.yaml](../models/python/model-metadata.yaml) with the new model information.
- [ ] Update [ONNX_HUB_MANIFEST.json](../ONNX_HUB_MANIFEST.json) for ONNX Hub: If this PR does update/add .onnx, please use `python workflow_scripts/generate_onnx_hub_manifest.py --target diff` to update ONNX_HUB_MANIFEST.json with according model information (especially SHA) for ONNX Hub.

<!-- 
Contribute a Gradio Demo to ONNX Organization on Hugging Face. See [ContributeGradio.md](../docs/ContributeGradio.md) for details.
-->
