vision/object_detection_segmentation/ssd-mobilenetv1/README.md, before:

# SSD-MobilenetV1

## Description

SSD-MobilenetV1 is an object detection model that uses a Single Shot MultiBox Detector(SSD) approach to predict object classes to boundary boxes.

SSD enables the model to only need to take one single shot to detect multiple objects in an image, and mobilenet is a base network that provides high-level features for object detection. The combination of these two model frameworks produces an efficent, high-accuracy detection model that requires less computational powers.

The SSD-MobilenetV1 is suitable for mobile and embedded based vision applications. 

## Model

|Model        |Download  | Download (with sample test data)|ONNX version|Opset version|
|-------------|:--------------|:--------------|:--------------|:--------------|
|SSD-MobilenetV1       | [29.3 MB](object_detection_segmentation/ssd-mobilenetv1/models/ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco_2018_01_28.onnx)  |[76.5 MB](object_detection_segmentation/ssd-mobilenetv1/models/ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco_2018_01_28.tar.gz) |1.7.0 | 10 |

### Source
Tensorflow SSD-MobilenetV1 ==> ONNX SSD-MobilenetV1 

## Inference

### Running inference 
Refer to this [inference notebook] for more details on how to run inference using onnxruntime and define environment variables for the model. 
     
    import onnxruntime as rt
    
    # load model and run inference
    sess = rt.InferenceSession(os.path.join(WORK, MODEL + ".onnx"))
    result = sess.run(outputs, {"image_tensor:0": img_data})
    num_detections, detection_boxes, detection_scores, detection_classes = result
    
    # print number of detections
    print(num_detections)
    print(detection_classes)

    # produce outputs in this order
    outputs = ["num_detections:0", "detection_boxes:0", "detection_scores:0", "detection_classes:0"]


### Input
This model does not require fixed image dimension. Input batch size is 1, with 3 color channels. Image has these variables: `(batch_size, height, width, channels)`. 

### Preprocessing
The following code shows how preprocessing is done. For more information and an example on how preprocess is done, please visit the [inference notebook](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx/blob/master/tutorials/ConvertingSSDMobilenetToONNX.ipynb).

    import numpy as np
    from PIL import Image, ImageDraw, ImageColor
    import math
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    # open and display image file
    img = Image.open("image file")
    plt.axis('off')
    plt.imshow(img)
    plt.show()
    
    # reshape the flat array returned by img.getdata() to HWC and than add an additial    
    dimension to make NHWC, aka a batch of images with 1 image in it
    img_data = np.array(img.getdata()).reshape(img.size[1], img.size[0], 3)
    img_data = np.expand_dims(img_data.astype(np.uint8), axis=0)
 
### Output
Given each batch of images, the model returns 4 tensors:

`num_detections`: the number of detections

`detection_boxes`: a list of bounding boxes. Each list item describes a box with top, left, bottom, right relative to the image size.

`detection_scores`: the score for each detection

`detection_classes`: the coco class for the detection

It outputs the image with boundary boxes and labels. The full list of classes can be found in the [coco dataset](https://cocodataset.org/#home).


### Postprocessing
    
    # draw boundary boxes and label for each detection
    def draw_detection(draw, d, c):
        width, height = draw.im.size
        # the box is relative to the image size so we multiply with height and width to get pixels.
        top = d[0] * height
        left = d[1] * width
        bottom = d[2] * height
        right = d[3] * width
        top = max(0, np.floor(top + 0.5).astype('int32'))
        left = max(0, np.floor(left + 0.5).astype('int32'))
        bottom = min(height, np.floor(bottom + 0.5).astype('int32'))
        right = min(width, np.floor(right + 0.5).astype('int32'))
        label = coco_classes[c]
        label_size = draw.textsize(label)
        if top - label_size[1] >= 0:
            text_origin = tuple(np.array([left, top - label_size[1]]))
        else:
            text_origin = tuple(np.array([left, top + 1]))
        color = ImageColor.getrgb("red")
        thickness = 0
        draw.rectangle([left + thickness, top + thickness, right - thickness, bottom - thickness], 
        outline=color)
        draw.text(text_origin, label, fill=color)  # , font=font)
        
    # loop over the results - each returned tensor is a batch
    batch_size = num_detections.shape[0]
    draw = ImageDraw.Draw(img)
    for batch in range(0, batch_size):
        for detection in range(0, int(num_detections[batch])):
            c = detection_classes[batch][detection]
            d = detection_boxes[batch][detection]
            draw_detection(draw, d, c)

    # show image file with object detection boundary boxes and labels 
    plt.figure(figsize=(80, 40))
    plt.axis('off')
    plt.imshow(img)
    plt.show()

## Model Creation

### Dataset (Train and validation)

The model was trained using [MS COCO 2017 Train Images, Val Images, and Train/Val annotations](https://cocodataset.org/#download).

### Training

Training details for model's preprocess is found in this [jupyter notebook](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx/blob/master/tutorials/ConvertingSSDMobilenetToONNX.ipynb). 
The notebook also details how the ONNX model was converted. 

### References
Tensorflow to Onnx conversion [tutorial](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx/blob/master/tutorials/ConvertingSSDMobilenetToONNX.ipynb). The Juypter Notebook references how to run an evaluation on the SSD-MobilenetV1 model and export it as a saved model. It also details how to convert the tensorflow model into onnx, and how to run its preprocessing and postprocessing code for the inputs and outputs. 


## Contributors
[Shirley Su](https://github.com/shirleysu8)

## License
MIT License
<hr>

Commit message:

edit ssd-mobile readme description

vision/object_detection_segmentation/ssd-mobilenetv1/README.md, after:

# SSD-MobilenetV1

## Description

SSD-MobilenetV1 is an object detection model that uses a Single Shot MultiBox Detector(SSD) approach to predict object classes for boundary boxes. 

SSD enables the model to only need to take one single shot to detect multiple objects in an image, and mobilenet is a base network that provides high-level features for object detection. The combination of these two model frameworks produces an efficent, high-accuracy detection model that requires less computational powers.

The SSD-MobilenetV1 is suitable for mobile and embedded based vision applications. 

## Model

|Model        |Download  | Download (with sample test data)|ONNX version|Opset version|
|-------------|:--------------|:--------------|:--------------|:--------------|
|SSD-MobilenetV1       | [29.3 MB](object_detection_segmentation/ssd-mobilenetv1/models/ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco_2018_01_28.onnx)  |[76.5 MB](object_detection_segmentation/ssd-mobilenetv1/models/ssd_mobilenet_v1_coco_2018_01_28.tar.gz) |1.7.0 | 10 |

### Source
Tensorflow SSD-MobileNetV1 ==> ONNX SSD-MobileNetV1 

## Inference

### Running inference 
Refer to this [inference notebook] for more details on how to run inference using onnxruntime and define environment variables for the model. 
     
    import onnxruntime as rt
    
    # load model and run inference
    sess = rt.InferenceSession(os.path.join(WORK, MODEL + ".onnx"))
    result = sess.run(outputs, {"image_tensor:0": img_data})
    num_detections, detection_boxes, detection_scores, detection_classes = result
    
    # print number of detections
    print(num_detections)
    print(detection_classes)

    # produce outputs in this order
    outputs = ["num_detections:0", "detection_boxes:0", "detection_scores:0", "detection_classes:0"]


### Input
This model does not require fixed image dimension. Input batch size is 1, with 3 color channels. Image has these variables: `(batch_size, height, width, channels)`. 

### Preprocessing
The following code shows how preprocessing is done. For more information and an example on how preprocess is done, please visit the [inference notebook](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx/blob/master/tutorials/ConvertingSSDMobilenetToONNX.ipynb).

    import numpy as np
    from PIL import Image, ImageDraw, ImageColor
    import math
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    # open and display image file
    img = Image.open("image file")
    plt.axis('off')
    plt.imshow(img)
    plt.show()
    
    # reshape the flat array returned by img.getdata() to HWC and than add an additial    
    dimension to make NHWC, aka a batch of images with 1 image in it
    img_data = np.array(img.getdata()).reshape(img.size[1], img.size[0], 3)
    img_data = np.expand_dims(img_data.astype(np.uint8), axis=0)
 
### Output
Given each batch of images, the model returns 4 tensor arrays:

`num_detections`: the number of detections.

`detection_boxes`: a list of bounding boxes. Each list item describes a box with top, left, bottom, right relative to the image size.

`detection_scores`: the score for each detection with values between 0 and 1 representing probability that a class was detected.

`detection_classes`: Array of 10 integers (output as floating point values) each indicating the index of a class label from the coco class

It outputs the image with boundary boxes and labels. The full list of classes can be found in the [coco dataset](https://cocodataset.org/#home).


### Postprocessing
    
    # draw boundary boxes and label for each detection
    def draw_detection(draw, d, c):
        width, height = draw.im.size
        # the box is relative to the image size so we multiply with height and width to get pixels.
        top = d[0] * height
        left = d[1] * width
        bottom = d[2] * height
        right = d[3] * width
        top = max(0, np.floor(top + 0.5).astype('int32'))
        left = max(0, np.floor(left + 0.5).astype('int32'))
        bottom = min(height, np.floor(bottom + 0.5).astype('int32'))
        right = min(width, np.floor(right + 0.5).astype('int32'))
        label = coco_classes[c]
        label_size = draw.textsize(label)
        if top - label_size[1] >= 0:
            text_origin = tuple(np.array([left, top - label_size[1]]))
        else:
            text_origin = tuple(np.array([left, top + 1]))
        color = ImageColor.getrgb("red")
        thickness = 0
        draw.rectangle([left + thickness, top + thickness, right - thickness, bottom - thickness], 
        outline=color)
        draw.text(text_origin, label, fill=color)  # , font=font)
        
    # loop over the results - each returned tensor is a batch
    batch_size = num_detections.shape[0]
    draw = ImageDraw.Draw(img)
    for batch in range(0, batch_size):
        for detection in range(0, int(num_detections[batch])):
            c = detection_classes[batch][detection]
            d = detection_boxes[batch][detection]
            draw_detection(draw, d, c)

    # show image file with object detection boundary boxes and labels 
    plt.figure(figsize=(80, 40))
    plt.axis('off')
    plt.imshow(img)
    plt.show()

## Model Creation

### Dataset (Train and validation)

The model was trained using [MS COCO 2017 Train Images, Val Images, and Train/Val annotations](https://cocodataset.org/#download).

### Training

Training details for model's preprocess is found in this [jupyter notebook](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx/blob/master/tutorials/ConvertingSSDMobilenetToONNX.ipynb). 
The notebook also details how the ONNX model was converted. 

### References
Tensorflow to Onnx conversion [tutorial](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx/blob/master/tutorials/ConvertingSSDMobilenetToONNX.ipynb). The Juypter Notebook references how to run an evaluation on the SSD-MobilenetV1 model and export it as a saved model. It also details how to convert the tensorflow model into onnx, and how to run its preprocessing and postprocessing code for the inputs and outputs. 


## Contributors
[Shirley Su](https://github.com/shirleysu8)

## License
MIT License
<hr>
