emotion_ferplus/README.md, before:

# FER+ Emotion Recognition

## Description
This model is a deep convolutional neural network for emotion recognition in faces. 

## Model

| Model          | Checksum  | Download (with sample test data) | ONNX version | Opset version | 
|----------------|:----------|:-----------|:--------|:-------------|
|Emotion FERPlus |[MD5](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_2/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus-md5.txt)|[31 MB](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_2/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus.tar.gz)|1.0|2|
|                |[MD5](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_7/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus-md5.txt)|[31 MB](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_7/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus.tar.gz)|1.2|7|
|                |[MD5](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_8/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus-md5.txt)|[31 MB](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_8/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus.tar.gz)|1.3|8|

### Paper
"Training Deep Networks for Facial Expression Recognition with Crowd-Sourced Label Distribution" [arXiv:1608.01041](https://arxiv.org/abs/1608.01041)

### Dataset
The model is trained on the FER+ annotations for the standard Emotion FER [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/c/challenges-in-representation-learning-facial-expression-recognition-challenge/data), as described in the above paper.

### Source
The model is trained in CNTK, using the cross entropy training mode. You can find the source code [here](https://github.com/ebarsoum/FERPlus).

### Demo
[Run Emotion_FERPlus in browser](https://microsoft.github.io/onnxjs-demo/#/emotion_ferplus) - implemented by ONNX.js with Emotion_FERPlus version 1.2

## Inference
### Input
The model expects input of the shape `(Nx1x64x64)`, where `N` is the batch size.
### Preprocessing
Given a path `image_path` to the image you would like to score:
```python
import numpy as np
from PIL import Image

def preprocess(image_path):
  input_shape = (1, 1, 64, 64)
  img = Image.open(image_path)
  img = img.resize((64, 64), Image.ANTIALIAS)
  img_data = np.array(img)
  img_data = np.resize(img_data, input_shape)
  return img_data
```

### Output
The model outputs a `(1x8)` array of scores corresponding to the 8 emotion classes, where the labels map as follows:  
`emotion_table = {'neutral':0, 'happiness':1, 'surprise':2, 'sadness':3, 'anger':4, 'disgust':5, 'fear':6, 'contempt':7}`
### Postprocessing
Route the model output through a softmax function to map the aggregated activations across the network to probabilities across the 8 classes.

```python
import numpy as np

def softmax(scores):
  # your softmax function
  
def postprocess(scores):
  ''' 
  This function takes the scores generated by the network and returns the class IDs in decreasing 
  order of probability.
  '''
  prob = softmax(scores)
  prob = np.squeeze(prob)
  classes = np.argsort(prob)[::-1]
  return classes
```
### Sample test data 
Sets of sample input and output files are provided in 
* serialized protobuf TensorProtos (`.pb`), which are stored in the folders `test_data_set_*/`.

## License
MIT

Commit message:

Changes preprocessing function
I have reason to believe the preprocessing function is incorrect. It seems to be ignoring the channels in the image and the results are off. With reference to the onnx.js implementation of the same model [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/onnxjs-demo/blob/master/src/components/models/Emotion.vue#L48), they seem to be first grayscaling the image if indeed it has 3/4 channels, then they are centering the values around 0 by subtracting 127.5 and dividing by the same. I am proposing to change the preprocessing function. Currently written for clarity, feel free to shorten. I am working on an [implementation](http://app.modelhub.ai/) and found that the onnx.js preprocessing gives more realistic results (they used the HTML canvas to do the resizing to 64x64, so there is really no concrete way to fully reproduce their implementation outside www and benchmark against it).

emotion_ferplus/README.md, after:

# FER+ Emotion Recognition

## Description
This model is a deep convolutional neural network for emotion recognition in faces. 

## Model

| Model          | Checksum  | Download (with sample test data) | ONNX version | Opset version | 
|----------------|:----------|:-----------|:--------|:-------------|
|Emotion FERPlus |[MD5](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_2/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus-md5.txt)|[31 MB](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_2/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus.tar.gz)|1.0|2|
|                |[MD5](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_7/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus-md5.txt)|[31 MB](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_7/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus.tar.gz)|1.2|7|
|                |[MD5](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_8/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus-md5.txt)|[31 MB](https://onnxzoo.blob.core.windows.net/models/opset_8/emotion_ferplus/emotion_ferplus.tar.gz)|1.3|8|

### Paper
"Training Deep Networks for Facial Expression Recognition with Crowd-Sourced Label Distribution" [arXiv:1608.01041](https://arxiv.org/abs/1608.01041)

### Dataset
The model is trained on the FER+ annotations for the standard Emotion FER [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/c/challenges-in-representation-learning-facial-expression-recognition-challenge/data), as described in the above paper.

### Source
The model is trained in CNTK, using the cross entropy training mode. You can find the source code [here](https://github.com/ebarsoum/FERPlus).

### Demo
[Run Emotion_FERPlus in browser](https://microsoft.github.io/onnxjs-demo/#/emotion_ferplus) - implemented by ONNX.js with Emotion_FERPlus version 1.2

## Inference
### Input
The model expects input of the shape `(Nx1x64x64)`, where `N` is the batch size.
### Preprocessing
Given a path `image_path` to the image you would like to score:
```python
import numpy as np
from PIL import Image

def preprocess(image_path):
  # model input shape
  input_shape = (1, 1, 64, 64)
  # load image and resize
  img = Image.open(image_path)
  img = img.resize((64, 64), PIL.Image.ANTIALIAS) 
  # convert to numpy array 
  img_arr = np.array(img)
  # new arr
  new_arr = np.empty([64,64])
  # if 3 or 4 channels
  if len(img_arr.shape) > 2:
  # if 3 or 4 channels
      if img_arr.shape[2] == 3 or img_arr.shape[2] == 4 :
          for i in range(64):
            for j in range(64):
                rgb = img_arr[i][j]
                new_arr[i][j] = (rgb[0] * 0.299 + rgb[1] * 0.587 + rgb[2] * 0.114  - 127.5)/127.5
  # if one channel
  else:
      for i in range(64):
        for j in range(64):
            new_arr[i][j] = (img_arr[i][j]  - 127.5)/127.5
  input = np.resize(new_arr, input_shape)
  return input
```

### Output
The model outputs a `(1x8)` array of scores corresponding to the 8 emotion classes, where the labels map as follows:  
`emotion_table = {'neutral':0, 'happiness':1, 'surprise':2, 'sadness':3, 'anger':4, 'disgust':5, 'fear':6, 'contempt':7}`
### Postprocessing
Route the model output through a softmax function to map the aggregated activations across the network to probabilities across the 8 classes.

```python
import numpy as np

def softmax(scores):
  # your softmax function
  
def postprocess(scores):
  ''' 
  This function takes the scores generated by the network and returns the class IDs in decreasing 
  order of probability.
  '''
  prob = softmax(scores)
  prob = np.squeeze(prob)
  classes = np.argsort(prob)[::-1]
  return classes
```
### Sample test data 
Sets of sample input and output files are provided in 
* serialized protobuf TensorProtos (`.pb`), which are stored in the folders `test_data_set_*/`.

## License
MIT
